---
title: "About me"
linkTitle: "About"
url: /about
aliases: ["/2025/05/about"]
tags: ["about"]
layout: about
date: 2025-05-18
menus:
  main:
    weight: 99
---

{{< note >}}Link to this version: [permalink](/2025/05/about){{< /note >}}

## I'm Mel!

Not your average 20-something queer thinker/designer/writer!

I love _everything_ computers, especially the free-as-in-freedom --type stuff!
I also adore anything that might be construed as writing, art, myth, design, thoughtfulness, do-it-yourself, open source, for the people.

I strive for strong boundaries and open arms.
We must cultivate within ourselves deep wells of forgiveness,
strengthening them with resolute wellhouse boundaries.
Do not be exploited, and forgive all.

## I love to write about my world.

I often catch myself with my head up, gaze wandering away from me,
exploring some novel optical phenomenon or mindful design detail.
I love to reflect on these observations, images turning over and over and over in my mind,
--and then something is projected onto the page.

Read my shit! --check out [my posts](/posts);
polished shits live in [my library](/library).

## I'm queer and proud.

Queerness is inherently human.
I am proud to be queer because _I am queer_.
This is who I am; I am proud to be myself in this world where I am called queer.
Trans rights are human rights.

## I live on stolen land.

As a Metis person and resident of Turtle Island, I must acknowledge that **colonialism is a continuing act of genocide against the Indigenous peoples who have been stewards of these lands and waters for generations**.
This continent has been illegally occupied by colonizer states for hundreds of years, the treaties ignored, dishonored, and broken.
We have not forgotten the responsibilities of the Canadian and American governments to the peoples of this land.

Honor the treaties. Land back now.
