meadwell.net/content/library/reviews/films-tv-anime.md, before:

---
title: "My Favs: Film, TV, and Anime"
date: "2025-04-24"
description: "A list of thought-provoking and otherwise compelling works of film and television, all of them [soon™] reviewed by me. See all my favs in one place!"
draft: false
---

This is a list of my favourite (and less-than-favourite) works of film, TV, and anime! If it could reasonably be burnt to a DVD, it belongs here.

{{< note "Update 2025-04-24: The list is online! Featuring a few special guests..." >}}...I'm 21 and I somehow miss DVDs already. Happy 2025...!

I'm just now beginning to work on these reviews, so my offerings are a little scant for now, but stay tuned, dear reader, for television like you've never experienced lies just ahead... One day this page will just auto-update to include any new reviews I've posted according to their frontmatter tags or something. Til then it's all manually updated.{{< /note >}}

## 🎬 Movies and Films

### _Ferris Bueller's Day Off_ (1986; dir. John Hughes)

This movie rocks. It's so fun and joyful and youth-positive and celebratory and just all-around a fantastic watch.

8.5/10 pancreases

See the [full review](/2025/04/post-review-ferris-buellers-day-off-1986/).

## 📺 Television Series

## 💢 Anime Series, OVAs, and Movies

## 📼 Miscellaneous, Including Personal Works

Commit message:

updated page films-tv-anime

meadwell.net/content/library/reviews/films-tv-anime.md, after:

---
title: "My Favs: Film, TV, and Anime"
date: "2025-04-24"
lastmod: "2025-05-07"
description: "A list of thought-provoking and otherwise compelling works of film and television, all of them reviewed by me. See all my favs in one place!"
draft: false
---

This is a list of my favourite (and less-than-favourite) works of film, TV, and anime! If it could reasonably be burnt to a disc and viewed on the crappy travel DVD player your cousin lent you for that cute-as-hell camping trip into the woods with your _really good friends_ you just reconnected for the first time since high school... it belongs here. :)

## 🎬 Movies and Films

### _Ferris Bueller's Day Off_ (1986; dir. John Hughes)

This movie rocks. It's so fun and joyful and youth-positive and celebratory and just all-around a fantastic watch.

8.5/10 pancreases

See my [brief review](/2025/04/post-review-ferris-buellers-day-off-1986/) (2025-04-26).

## 📺 Television Series

## 💢 Anime Series, OVAs, and Movies

## 📼 Miscellaneous, Including Personal Works
